{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1. SELECT * FROM Customers;\
\
2. SELECT DISTINCT country_region FROM Customers;\
\
3. SELECT * FROM Customers WHERE job_title LIKE 'Pur%'; 
\f1\i (Changed to job_title contains \'93pur\'94 b/c all id are numeric)\

\f0\i0 \
4. SELECT *FROM Orders ORDER BY order_date LIMIT 10; 
\f1\i (changed to 10 due to table size > 100)\
\

\f0\i0 5. SELECT * FROM Customers WHERE state_province='WA' OR state_province= 'MA' OR state_province= 'CO'; 
\f1\i (changed to states since all zip codes are the same)\
\

\f0\i0 6. 
\f1\i SELECT * FROM orders WHERE ship_country_region!='null';\

\f0\i0 \
7. SELECT * FROM Customers ORDER BY country_region, state_province;\
\
8. INSERT INTO `customers` (`id`, `company`, `last_name`, `first_name`, `email_address`, `job_title`, `business_phone`, `home_phone`, `mobile_phone`, `fax_number`, `address`, `city`, `state_province`, `zip_postal_code`, `country_region`, `web_page`, `notes`, `attachments`) VALUES (89, 'Company ZED', 'KittyBoy', 'Stefon', NULL, 'Receptionist', '(313)228-6369', NULL, NULL, '(313)366-8389', '999 This Street', 'Detroit', 'MI', '48204', 'USA', NULL, NULL, '');\
\
9. 
\f1\i UPDATE orders SET ship_country_region='Northeast' WHERE ship_state_province='NY' OR ship_state_province='MA'; (no France - set States in Northeast to Northeast)\

\f0\i0 \
10. DELETE FROM order_details WHERE quantity = '0'; 
\f1\i (none have a quantity of 1)\

\f0\i0 \
11. SELECT AVG (quantity) FROM order_details;\
\
SELECT MAX(quantity) FROM order_details;\
\
SELECT MIN(quantity) FROM order_details;\
\
12. SELECT AVG(quantity) FROM order_details GROUP BY order_id;\
\
SELECT MAX(quantity) FROM order_details GROUP BY order_id;\
\
SELECT MIN(quantity) FROM order_details GROUP BY order_id;\
\
13. SELECT customer_id FROM orders WHERE id='32'; 
\f1\i (changed ID to 32 instead of 10290)\
\

\f0\i0 14. Inner join - SELECT * FROM orders INNER JOIN customers \
ON orders.ship_city = customers.city;\
\
Left join - SELECT * FROM orders LEFT JOIN customers \
ON orders.ship_city = customers.city;\
\
Right join - SELECT * FROM orders RIGHT JOIN customers \
ON orders.ship_city = customers.city;\
\
15. SELECT orders.ship_city, orders.ship_state_province, customers.company FROM orders INNER JOIN customers \
ON orders.ship_city = customers.city WHERE ship_state_province='WA'; 
\f1\i (changed from London to WA)
\f0\i0 \
\
16. SELECT orders.ship_name, order_details.product_id, orders.id FROM order_details LEFT JOIN orders\
ON order_details.id = orders.id WHERE product_id='1';\
\
17. SELECT * FROM employees WHERE job_title LIKE \'91%Vice President%'; \
\
18. SELECT * FROM employees WHERE job_title!='Vice President, Sales'; 
\f1\i (}